Prince prince prince
Madam's new hair etiquette
Qinglong Mountain Talent Revival
Thanks.
Brother Shu Sheng, I really don't seem to feel uncomfortable anymore
I'm relieved that you're fine.
Okay, go down and thank me, Your Highness
Your Highness, thank you for such a lady
great kindness
Full back looks like a man
The wife's is all right.
Our prince's life is gone
Wife relieved
Exhaust the last breath of the prince
He was in danger.
Your Highness, I'm sorry, I don't know what will happen
No need to blame the dragon
You are life
I met
Don't be embarrassed
Why don't you understand?
Understand
I have the heart
Is this the king?
Zhao Hua
Prince prince prince
Are you going back to Beijing so soon?
That's right, me.
Come and say goodbye to Lord Hou and Lord Wang
I will arrive in the township tomorrow.
In the past, brother, look at that